DOC: Update Sage Notebook instructions in quickstart build (#6797)
cython/cython: docs/src/quickstart/build.rst

Using the Sage notebook
-----------------------

   For users of the SageMath distribution, the Sage notebook uses Jupyter by default.
   Sage provides its own implementation of the ``%%cython`` cell magic (see
   `Sage Magics <https://doc.sagemath.org/html/en/reference/repl/sage/repl/ipython_extension.html#sage.repl.ipython_extension.SageMagics.cython>`_)

>    which is loaded by default. Alternatively, you can overwrite it with version provided by Cython,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   which is loaded by default.
   Alternatively, you can overwrite it with the implementation provided by Cython,
```
